README.md, before:

# caddyLander

caddyLander is a tiny JSON-backed landing portal intended to sit behind Caddy as a wildcard catch-all. It serves a simple landing page plus a lightweight admin editor backed by a JSON file.

## How it works
- The landing page (`/`) renders links defined in `content.json`.
- The admin page (`/admin`) fetches and edits the same JSON file through `/api/content` and `/api/upload`.
- Runtime data lives at `/var/caddy/content.json`. On startup, the server copies the template from `/app/content/content.json` if the runtime file is missing.

### JSON format
`content.json` is expected to contain an object with an `items` array:
```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "name": "Example Service",
      "url": "https://example.org",
      "desc": "Replace this entry with your own services"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Local run with Docker
Build and run with the VETO mnemonic test port (8386 -> 8080 inside the container):
```bash
docker build -t caddylander .
docker run -p 8386:8080 -v caddylander_data:/var/caddy caddylander
```

### docker-compose example
See `docker-compose.example.yml` for a ready-to-use service definition that mounts a shared volume at `/var/caddy` and pulls from the published Docker Hub image `mythosaz/caddylander:main`. Before bringing the stack up, create the shared volume that both Caddy and caddyLander will use for runtime data:
```bash
docker volume create caddy_var
```

For ad-hoc testing, uncomment the provided `ports` section to map 8386 to 8080 (VETO mnemonic).

### Caddy integration
Configure a wildcard site to reverse-proxy to the container:
```caddyfile
*.example.com {
    reverse_proxy caddylander:8080
}
```
Point Caddy at the running service (compose service name `caddylander` or an equivalent host) so any unmatched subdomains land on the portal. When running under compose, ensure the same `caddy_var` volume is mounted into your Caddy service so that uploads and edits persist across both containers.

## Licensing
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for details.

Commit message:

Add admin Caddyfile editing support

README.md, after:

# caddyLander

caddyLander is a tiny JSON-backed landing portal intended to sit behind Caddy as a wildcard catch-all. It serves a simple landing page plus a lightweight admin editor backed by a JSON file.

## How it works
- The landing page (`/`) renders links defined in `content.json`.
- The admin page (`/admin`) fetches and edits the same JSON file through `/api/content` and `/api/upload`.
- Runtime data lives at `/var/caddy/content.json`. On startup, the server copies the template from `/app/content/content.json` if the runtime file is missing.

### Caddyfile Integration
- `/config` is mounted from your host or Caddy container to share the active Caddy configuration.
- The admin page exposes a **Caddyfile Editor** that reads the current `/config/Caddyfile` via `GET /admin/caddyfile` and writes updates with `POST /admin/caddyfile`.
- Each save creates a timestamped backup in `/config/backup/Caddyfile.old.YYYYMMDD-HHMMSS` and keeps only the most recent 10 files.
- The server does not reload or validate Caddyfile contents. After saving, manually restart or reload your Caddy instance to apply changes.
- Example flow:
  1. Open `/admin`.
  2. Edit the Caddyfile text area in the **Caddyfile Editor** panel.
  3. Click **Save Caddyfile** and apply a manual restart/reload of Caddy.

### JSON format
`content.json` is expected to contain an object with an `items` array:
```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "name": "Example Service",
      "url": "https://example.org",
      "desc": "Replace this entry with your own services"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Local run with Docker
Build and run with the VETO mnemonic test port (8386 -> 8080 inside the container):
```bash
docker build -t caddylander .
docker run -p 8386:8080 -v caddylander_data:/var/caddy caddylander
```

### docker-compose example
See `docker-compose.example.yml` for a ready-to-use service definition that mounts a shared volume at `/var/caddy` and pulls from the published Docker Hub image `mythosaz/caddylander:main`. Before bringing the stack up, create the shared volume that both Caddy and caddyLander will use for runtime data:
```bash
docker volume create caddy_var
```

For ad-hoc testing, uncomment the provided `ports` section to map 8386 to 8080 (VETO mnemonic).

### Deployment notes
caddyLander should run on the same Docker network as your Caddy instance so that reverse proxy rules can point traffic at the caddyLander container. Mount the same Caddy configuration directory into both containers by mapping `/config` in caddyLander to the directory Caddy uses for its `Caddyfile`. This allows the admin UI to edit the live configuration while Caddy continues to read from its own mount.

### Caddy integration
Configure a wildcard site to reverse-proxy to the container:
```caddyfile
*.example.com {
    reverse_proxy caddylander:8080
}
```
Point Caddy at the running service (compose service name `caddylander` or an equivalent host) so any unmatched subdomains land on the portal. When running under compose, ensure the same `caddy_var` volume is mounted into your Caddy service so that uploads and edits persist across both containers, and that `/config` maps to the live Caddy configuration directory.

### Admin UI
The admin page retains the JSON editor for `content.json` and adds a **Caddyfile Editor** panel with a simple textarea and save button. After saving, an inline notice reminds you that a Caddy restart is required.

## Licensing
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for details.
